Track Consumption usecase, enables users to track their food wastage, through pictures with a easy and intuitive process. This includes, 4 screens and 3 interruption handling.

The first screen allows the user to upload picture of raw food, the front end will then call the backend api to send the image to chat gpt vision to identify which products from the myfridge have been taken out. Once it receives the  list of products from the backend, it will now move on to the second screen. 

If an interruption happens at this stage before the user presses confirm on the second screen, the user will be navigated back to home screen on start up.

 On the second screen it will show an editable list of ingredients that it received from the backend, allowing users to confirm. Once confirmed, it will call the backend api, to register this as a consume product interaction, the backend should return the product interaction id, which should be saved by the front end. 

If an interruption were to happen at this stage, the frontend will use the product interaction id, to resume the session and the user will be still brought to the third screen. 

On the third screen, the user will be able to upload a picture of the waste food that they plan to throw from their plate. Once again the backend api will be called to identify which products form the list of ingridients that were supposed to be consumed are now being thrown away. Once identified, the product interaction for consumed food must not be adjusted, to accurately reflect what was actually consumed, and the product interaction for waste food must be created to account for the food wasted.

If an interruption happens here after the user uploads a picture, without seeing the final meal report, the user will be brought back to the homescreen, as they will be able to access that final meal report at another time. 

The last screen, the user will be able to see a report detailing, the environmental impact of their meal with some metrics. the metrics are Total CO2 Wasted, $ Food wasted.